New photographs, various fixes (#3)
Gepetto/Bolt-Robot-TechnicalDoc: src/TechnicalDoc_BoltEstimator.tex

\subsection{Repairs}

> Due to testing, Bolt fell many times and recquired various repairs, dismanteling, and part replacements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to testing, Bolt fell many times and required various repairs, dismantling, and part replacements. 
```
